Content: New alien species: Incipias (no.3) (#8949)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/incipias/tace mesa.txt

# Copyright (c) 2023 by RisingLeaf (https://github.com/RisingLeaf)
#
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

> outfit "Strange Ray"

Author: the player will never see them, so no?

> outfit "Strange Ray"

Reviewer: ~You're forgetting about all-content plugins.~
It probably would be better to have them anyways.

> outfit "Strange Ray"

Reviewer 2: Even if the player will never see the outfit description in normal gameplay, it's generally considered standard to provide a description anyways, to give the outfit some context and flavor. Drak outfits, for instance, still have a description despite being only available through save-file editing and all-content plugins.

	mass 25
	"outfit space" -20
	"gun ports" -1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/strange ray"
			"frame rate" 60
			"no repeat"
		"inaccuracy" 20
		"velocity" 6
		"lifetime" 10
		"fade out" 2
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 8
		"firing heat" 4
		"shield damage" 50
		"hull damage" 43

> 		"minable damage" 64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"minable damage" 64
		description "It is unclear how this organ works, seemingly shooting globs of green liquid through the air. For some reason, however, the balls do damage, especially to asteroids and metal."
```

Author: These are nice descriptions, but they are not really fitting their lore.

outfit "Internal Plasma Exhaust"
	"mass" 25
	"outfit space" -25
	"engine capacity" -25

> 	"thrust" 24
> 	"turn" 1000

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	"thrust" 36
	"turn" 1500
```

	"flare sprite" "effect/plasma exhaust"

> 		"frame rate" 16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"frame rate" 16
	description "An alien organ that seems to be for moving around. It does not hook up very well to anything, and seems alive in a strange way."
```

ship "Tace Mesa"
	sprite "ship/silent harvester"
	swizzle 0
	"never disabled"
	attributes

> 		category Interceptor

Reviewer: I think these normally have quotation marks. 
```suggestion
		category "Interceptor"
```

		cost 500000

> 		"mass" 350

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"mass" 525
```

		"outfit space" 45
		"weapon capacity" 20
		"engine capacity" 25
		"cargo space" 500
		"hull" 1500
		"solar collection" 200
		"fuel capacity" 200

> 		"heat dissipation" 0.7

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"heat dissipation" 0.47
```

		"energy capacity" 1000

		"required crew" 1

> 		"drag" 13.3

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"drag" 20
```

		"bunks" 40
	outfits
		"Strange Ray"
		"Internal Plasma Exhaust"
	gun 0 -64 "Strange Ray"
	engine 0 0
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "medium explosion" 50

> 	"final explode" "final explosion large"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "Anyone would respect a person who could figure out this creature. It seems to like eating asteroids, but it is impossible to tell anything else about it, save the fact that it can carry other creatures inside of it."
```

mission "The Silent Ones"
	invisible
	landing
	repeat
	to offer
		not "The Silent Ones: active"
	to complete
		never
	npc save
		government "Silent Ones"

> 		personality timid mute mining harvests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		personality harvests mining mute timid
```

		system Il'le
		ship "Tace Mesa"
	npc save
		government "Silent Ones"

> 		personality timid mute mining harvests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		personality harvests mining mute timid
```

		system Il'le
		ship "Tace Mesa"
	npc save
		government "Silent Ones"

> 		personality timid mute mining harvests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		personality harvests mining mute timid
```

		system Il'le
		ship "Tace Mesa"
	npc save
		government "Silent Ones"

> 		personality timid mute mining harvests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		personality harvests mining mute timid
```

		system Il'le

> 		ship "Tace Mesa" "???"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		ship "Tace Mesa" "???"

```

# Copyright (c) 2023 by RisingLeaf (https://github.com/RisingLeaf)
#
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

outfit "Strange Ray"
	mass 25
	"outfit space" -20
	"gun ports" -1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/strange ray"
			"frame rate" 60
			"no repeat"
		"inaccuracy" 20
		"velocity" 6
		"lifetime" 10
		"fade out" 2
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 8
		"firing heat" 4
		"shield damage" 50
		"hull damage" 43
		"minable damage" 64

> 	description "It should be impossible to heat up gas to this level for an organic being, this organ is the counter example."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "It should be impossible to heat up gas to this level for an organic being, but this organ seems to be the counter example."
```

> 	description "It should be impossible to heat up gas to this level for an organic being, but this organ seems to be the counter example."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "It should be impossible for an organic being to heat up gas to this level, but this organ seems to be an exception."
```

outfit "Internal Plasma Exhaust"
	"mass" 25
	"outfit space" -25
	"engine capacity" -25
	"thrust" 36
	"turn" 1500
	"flare sprite" "effect/plasma exhaust"
		"frame rate" 16

> 	description "The Tace Mesa move by exhausting heated gas, plasma, from the end of their body."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "The Tace Mesa move by exhausting heated gas, which is also known as plasma, from the end of their body."
```

> 	description "The Tace Mesa move by exhausting heated gas, which is also known as plasma, from the end of their body."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "The Tace Mesa move by expelling plasma from the end of their body."
```

ship "Tace Mesa"
	sprite "ship/silent harvester"
	swizzle 0
	"never disabled"
	attributes
		category "Interceptor"
		cost 500000
		"mass" 525
		"outfit space" 45
		"weapon capacity" 20
		"engine capacity" 25
		"cargo space" 500
		"hull" 1500
		"solar collection" 200
		"fuel capacity" 200

		"heat dissipation" 0.47
		"energy capacity" 1000

		"required crew" 1
		"drag" 20
		"bunks" 40
	outfits
		"Strange Ray"
		"Internal Plasma Exhaust"
	gun 0 -64 "Strange Ray"
	engine 0 0
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "The Tace Mesa are creatures yet to be understood in their origins and how they work. They have been around for a long time and they will probably be around for an even longer time. Rumors (by whoever) tell of larger creatures further out in the rims of the system."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "The Tace Mesa are creatures whose origins and inner workings are yet to be understood. They have existed for millennia and will probably continue to exist for a long time. Rumors tell of even larger creatures further out in the rims of the system."
```
